Hello,

The issues we previously identified still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: ab3284a5-69d8-4318-ba53-8d82d5f149f3
Review date: April 09, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.2.0

Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: 
1. We were unable to complete Sign in with Apple. 
2. When we tapped the login button after entering the demo account credentials, the app was loading the login page indefinitely 

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

Guideline 2.1(a) - Information Needed

We have started the review of the app, but in addition to the demo account username and password you provided, we need an authentication code to complete the registration process.

App Review conducts a full review of all apps submitted to the App Store, including content and services that require authentication codes to access.

Next Steps

In order for the review to continue, you will need to arrange for an Apple representative to call you to obtain the code. Follow this link to request a call using our online form.

Before requesting a call, confirm the phone number listed in the App Review Information section of this app's Version Information page in App Store Connect is up to date.

For the review to proceed without a call, we recommend either: 

- Allowing the provided demo account to bypass code verification
- Establishing a fixed authentication code for the demo account and providing the code in the Review Notes
- Or including a demonstration mode that exhibits the app’s full features and functionality


Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
