Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 59f89efc-7154-4866-a9e6-2c16dcf6df9e
Review date: April 06, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.2.0

Guideline 4 - Design

Issue Description

Parts of the app's user interface were crowded, laid out, or displayed in a way that made it difficult to use the app when reviewed on iPad Air 11-inch (M3) running iPadOS 26.4.

Specifically, the login options were cut off when reviewed on iPad.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, revise the app to ensure that the content and controls on the screen are easy to read and interact with.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. Learn more about supporting apps on compatible devices.

Resources

- Learn foundational design principles from Apple designers and the developer community.
- See documentation for the UIKit framework.
- Learn more about design requirements in guideline 4.
Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: We were unable to complete the Sign in with Apple process. 

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4 and iOS 26.4
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

We are still unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to subscriptions but the associated In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please be sure to take action and submit your In-App Purchases and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review. 

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit In-App Purchases for review. Learn more about required In-App Purchase metadata.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app still exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, we were unable to purchase in-app purchase products. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4 and iOS 26.4


Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
